**Purpose:**<br />
Work Instruction Client is a program to replace the current way that point of use instructions are displayed to assemblers on the manufacturing floor. As it stands now, these instruction are printed and placed in the working area that the worker can than see when necessary. This current system is outdated, and there are a few issues with it. Some of those being:
1. Version Control. If a step is changed it has to be reprinted and brought out to the manufacturing floor. This regularly happens, however if someone were to forget, the line would create product based off old instructions.
2. Data Collection. As it stands now, the only way to find out how long a particular step is taking in the physical assembly is to record the assembler, physically being around during production and timing each step, or have the assembler self report times. None of these are great solutions, and introduce a non-trivial amount of labor (recording and physical presence)  and/or error (assembler self-reporting).
3. Inspection Requirements. The current system places images throughout the work instructions to designate when an inspection of the work completed is necessary. Unless each unit has a traveler tag with it (not good for high production lines), you can't tell for sure who completed which inspection, and whether or not they were completed at all.

This digital Work Instruction display system was made with these three concerns in mind. It is designed for ease of use for the assemblers, with minimal interaction required while still delivering the same information effectively. Some of the key benefits are:
1. The system allows for changes to be made on the fly by engineering without affecting what is currently being displayed on the floor. For an assembler to acquire the newest version, they can simply reload the assembly they're working on and all new images will be displayed.
2. The system records and reports the exact amount of time the work instruction was open for, and separates it step by step. This allows for anyone with administrative access to the server to view timings, up to the latest time an instance of an assembly was completed or closed.
3. Inspection requirements are guaranteed to be met with the work instruction server, as any step that requires inspection is server enforced. When an inspection is required, a dialog box appears and queries the user for their Stamp ID (manufacturing employees are assigned stamps with unique ID's). Once entered, the assembler clicks submit, and the server verifies they are on an approved list of inspectors for that inspection step. If they are, the display will load the next image automatically, otherwise it will notify the user to "Try Again" and won't allow the next assembly step to be loaded.

**Installation:**<br />
No special installation is required for the running of the work instruction client. An executable jar needs to be generated from the source code, with the main entry point into the program being the Client.java class in the package main. No files are stored locally for the display and thus will not need to be backed up, nor will any space need to be reserved on the system for the client. A build.xml file has been included to be used with Apache Ant in order to automate the compiling and creation of a .jar file. 'ant createJar' will create the necessary folders, compile all classes and then generate a .jar file in the 'dist' folder.
